Welcome to act number 12.
This is a very short act,
and I just included a number of resources for you,
including a number of quotes you can use,
and I also included all of the PowerPoint presentations
again as well just so you had everything in one location,
right, and there's also just a quick little lecture
or link to Google Slides of my students
from the business university that I teach at
and just how they present it,
and I was just so proud of them
because they presented in front of LinkedIn's management
as well as Electronic Arts management and sales force.
We actually used the headquarters of LinkedIn for it,
so they did a great job.
Check out the pictures of them if you want.
They were awesome.
And I also included a documentary
on how we made the trailer for this course,
and I actually hired a crew to do it.
There's this great guy named Adad
that is a San Francisco State graduate
that did an amazing job,
and we had a lot of fun with it, as well,
and if there's any additional resources
that you want me to add to act 12,
just please let me know, and thank you.